cloud: updated dscription about getting gcp gsutil uri (#11384)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md

    >
    > To remove the access to TiDB Cloud, you can simply remove the access that you have granted.

> 6. On the **Bucket details** page, click the **OBJECTS** tab. If you want to copy a file's gsutil URI, select the file, click **Open object overflow menu**, and then click **Copy gsutil URI**, as shown in the screenshot below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the **Bucket details** page, click the **OBJECTS** tab.

    If you want to copy a file's gsutil URI, select the file, click **Open object overflow menu**, and then click **Copy gsutil URI**, as shown in the screenshot below.
```

    ![Get bucket URI](/media/tidb-cloud/gcp-bucket-uri01.png)

>     If you want to use a folder's gsutil URI, open the folder, and then click the copy button following the folder name to copy the folder name, as shown in the screenshot below. After that, you must add `gs://` to the beginning and `/` to the end of the name to get a correct URI of the folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to use a folder's gsutil URI, open the folder, and then click the copy button following the folder name to copy the folder name. After that, you need to add `gs://` to the beginning and `/` to the end of the name to get a correct URI of the folder.
```

    >
    > To remove the access to TiDB Cloud, you can simply remove the access that you have granted.

6. On the **Bucket details** page, click the **OBJECTS** tab.

    If you want to copy a file's gsutil URI, select the file, click **Open object overflow menu**, and then click **Copy gsutil URI**.

    ![Get bucket URI](/media/tidb-cloud/gcp-bucket-uri01.png)

    If you want to use a folder's gsutil URI, open the folder, and then click the copy button following the folder name to copy the folder name. After that, you need to add `gs://` to the beginning and `/` to the end of the name to get a correct URI of the folder.

    For example, if the folder name is `tidb-cloud-source-data`, you need to use `gs://tidb-cloud-source-data/` as the URI.

    ![Get bucket URI](/media/tidb-cloud/gcp-bucket-uri02.png)

> 7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the **Data Import** page where you get the Google Cloud Service Account ID, and then paste the GCS bucket URI to the **Bucket URI** field. The following is an example.

Reviewer 2: and then paste the GCS bucket URI to the **Bucket URI** field. 
change to
and then paste the GCS bucket gsutil URI to the **Bucket gsutil URI** field.

> 7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the **Data Import** page where you get the Google Cloud Service Account ID, and then paste the GCS bucket URI to the **Bucket URI** field. The following is an example.

Author: ```suggestion
7. In the TiDB Cloud console, go to the **Data Import** page where you get the Google Cloud Service Account ID, and then paste the GCS bucket gsutil URI to the **Bucket gsutil URI** field. The following is an example.
```
